PDF Text Extraction Results
Original File: Williams Trading_EXHIBIT A (P265405)_01MAY2024 (Client).pdf
Extracted: 2025-08-13 12:47:48
Total Pages: 22
==================================================

--- Page 1 ---
EXHIBIT A
Consulting and Professional Services Work Order
UPS CUSTOMER SOLUTIONSWO02-0718
PROJECT ID/PMD P265405 (Williams Trading Company)
THIS WORK ORDER is submitted this 1st day of May, 2024 to Williams Trading Company
Client Customer Solutions Client Agreement between Client
and UPS Customer Solutions Client This Work Order is subject to the
Deposco Master Terms and Conditions
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the T&Cs.
1. SCOPE OF WORK. UPS Customer Solutions will provide services to perform the work
outlined in Schedule A for PMD P265405 by designated contractor, Deposco, Inc.
2. INVOICE SCHEDULE.
a. UPS Customer Solutions will be paid by Client according to the schedule outlined
below.
i. Implementation
1. 25% of estimated hours will be invoiced on signature of this Work
Order
2. Balance will be invoiced monthly as consumed.
ii. Subscription
1. Annual subscription will be payable at signing of the [Work Order / or
Client Agreement] and at the beginning of each additional service year
as outlined in PROJECT COST ESTIMATE AND BUDGET.
3. PROJECT COST ESTIMATE AND BUDGET. Project cost based on three (3) year
subscription as quoted below. Price contingent on full three (3) year execution of Client
Agreement. Early termination will result in collection of outstanding fees as well termination
fees as outlined in section 11.3.
Software Services Subscription Fees
Solution Bundle Total $71,000 in Year 1 Invoiced According to
Schedule C
Deposco Bright Warehouse Application:
Includes:
Bright Warehouse Solution Included in solution bundle fees
Users
o Unlimited Users for (1) Facility Included in solution bundle fees
Pennsauken, NJ
Deposco Bright Warehouse (Advanced Add-ons):
Carton Optimization Included in solution bundle fees
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential A-4

--- Page 2 ---
Deposco Bright Socket Application:
Includes:
Bright Socket Solution Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Socket (Socket Connectors):
Standard Sockets
o ShipExec Cloud (1 instance) Included in solution bundle fees
Select Sockets
o Deposco APIs (1 instance) Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Performance Application
Includes:
Standard Dashboard and Reporting Included in solution bundle fees
Professional Services Service Fees
Professional Services Total $126,170
$185/hour applied to the first 682 project hours
completed
Professional Services
Deployment Retainer $31,542.50 due at signing and will be applied to
Implementation Services for the first 170.5 hours.
Remaining professional services hours to be billed
monthly as incurred.
Ongoing Professional Services $240/hour applied to professional services
completed under a contract post-implementation
and for out-of-scope
This amount is only an estimate of the Professional
Service hours needed and does not include travel
expenses, which will be invoiced pursuant to the
T&Cs. Once the Estimated Implementation
Services amount has been fully billed, the post
implementation hourly rate will apply. Any out-of-
scope work or additional change requests agreed
upon by the Parties will be subject to the Post-
Implementation and Out-of-Scope Hourly Rate,
even if such additional Professional Services are
agreed upon during the initial Implementation
Services.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential A-5

--- Page 3 ---
Other Items Services Free
Other Total $0
Deposco Bright Cloud Solution:
Includes:
Tier 1 Solution Included with bundle subscription fees
(2) Tenant Environments:
o (1) Production
o (1) Sandbox
Deposco Support Services:
Deposco support services are detailed in Schedule B.
Support Package Level 1 Included with bundle subscriptions fees
Support Package Level 2 Additional $2,000/month
Support Package Level 3 Additional $3,000/month
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential A-6

--- Page 4 ---
4. PROJECT TIMELINE. The project will start within approximately four to six (4-6) weeks
from the date this Work Order is authorized by Williams Trading Company. The detailed
timeline will be provided after the scope and start date has been agreed upon and accepted by
all parties involved.
Note: The timeline is 100% contingent upon Williams Trading Company resource and
requirements adherence.
5. ELECTRONIC DATA ACCESS AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT. UPS Customer
Solutions will have complete access and rights to Client data to support Client, Deposco and
UPS Customer Solutions steering and Quarterly Business Reviews (QBR) to ensure full
leverage of the Solution provided hereunder.
6. WORK ORDER MANAGERS.
a. The Work Order manager for UPS Customer Solutions is Chris Vallone | Solutions
Development Manager.
b. The Work Order manager and authorized change request submitter for Williams
Trading Company is Rich Pyne | President.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Work Order have the same meanings ascribed in the Client
Agreement. The parties agree that any change to this Work Order must be agreed to in writing by
the parties pursuant to a change order. For avoidance of doubt, any software licensed to Client
pursuant to the C
between the parties. The parties hereto confirm their express agreement that this Work Order, and
all documents and agreements directly or indirectly relating hereto, be drawn up in the English
language.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Work Order and agree the
acceptance of their respective rights and obligations in the T&Cs.
Client: Williams Trading Company United Parcel Service, Inc. (an Ohio
Corporation)
By: By:
Name: Name:
Title: Title:
Date: Date:
[End of Exhibit]
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential A-7

--- Page 5 ---
Schedule A to Work Order
Statement of Work
Client: Williams Trading Company
1 | Change Management
1.1 | Change Management
2 | Professional Services Methodology
2.1 | Client Application Instance and Configuration
2.2 | Go-Live and Support
2.3 | Professional Services Description
2.4 | Project Management
2.5 | Requirements Definition and Gap Analysis
2.6 | Training
2.7 | User Acceptance Testing
3 | Project Roles and Responsibilities
3.1 | Client
3.2 | Deposco
3.3 | Estimated Hours
3.4 | Add-On Details
3.5 | Integration Diagram
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-1

--- Page 6 ---
1 | CHANGE MANAGEMENT
1.1 | Change Management
Any additional project work required to be performed, not included in the applicable Work Order or this
Statement of Work, must undergo the following change control process. Please note that additional
-
cost.
1. Submit Change Request - A formal change request email with completed change request form
(Schedule D) must be submitted by Client to UPS Customer Solutions. Include in the request a detailed
description of the business problem and desired solution. If the request is technology-related, also include
a use case example, and a suggestion on how the feature needs to function. This request will help
facilitate communication regarding the change request.
2. Change Request Review - After receipt of the change request, UPS Customer Solutions and Deposco
Consulting and Product Management will work together to determine the scope of the change request. If
necessary, back and forth communication between the Client, UPS Customer Solutions and Deposco will
occur to ensure exactness of the feature/process request.
3. Statement of Work Execution - Once the change request has undergone formal review and the specifics
have been flushed out, documented, and mutually agreed upon (revisions to the Change Order Request
Form), Client and UPS Customer Solutions will sign-off. Work will begin as soon as the document has
been signed by both Parties.
4. Client Specific Process Estimates - Typical technology related change requests center on process (e.g.,
fulfillment) modifications. Deposco refers to these configurations as Client Specific Processes (CSPs).
Below are average times for CSPs:
1. Complex Process 10-15 days
2. Moderately Complex Process 7-10 days
3. Simple Process 3-6 days
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-2

--- Page 7 ---
2 | PROFESSIONAL SERVICES METHODOLOGY
2.1 | Client Application Instance and Configuration
This stage involves the activation and configuration of the Client application instance. The scope of this
stage will vary depending on the platform package and features purchased by the Client.
The Deposco project team will support the configuration of the system by leading the Client through
configuration sessions that detail system functionality and configuration options. The functional
during the deployment, including any additional configuration and / or development. The site will be
configured in accordance with the functional requirements document. If applicable, an Integration Design
document will summarize how each integration point will function, including the integration method. The
site will be configured in accordance with the Integration Design document.
After the Client has approved the Functional Requirements Document, the Deployment team will initiate
the tenant enablement process, which creates the Client
data, only basic configuration information.
The Deposco deployment team will configure the Test Site, load Client provided master data, and setup
business processes. Actual activities will vary depending on the platform functionality being deployed;
but will generally cover the following:
Client Application Instance Configuration
Configuration Activity Detailed Description
Client Users, Groups and Setup Users, Groups and Permissio
Permissions user base.
Master Data Setup Client is responsible for completing the WMDIT (Warehouse
Management Data Input Template) in the specified WMDIT format.
Deposco will load the following master data elements contained in the
WMDIT into the application. Integration points surrounding master
data will be built and tested during the integration phase.
Facility
Zones
Product Categories
Items
Components
Pack
Stock Unit
Container
Associate
Resource
Users
Company Parameter
Trading Partner
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-3

--- Page 8 ---
Development of Under a separate statement of work, Deposco development team will
Custom Processes and develop new functionality according to the contract with the Client
Gap functionality and the requirements and gaps identified.
Business Process Enable configuration settings and workflow processes for one or more
Configuration of the following:
Receiving
Put-away
Picking
Shipping
Inventory
Business Intelligence Deposco deployment team will enable operational, financial,
Enablement performance and general warehousing dashboards by Client user role.
All out-of-the-box analytical reports will be enabled.
Client Facility Readiness Client prepares the facility for the deployment:
Labels on locations
Wi-Fi for handheld devices
Wi-Fi site survey
IPP Printers
Pre-
Final Review and Application Instance Testing - facilitate testing the instance to verify
Site/Remote Go-Live that it is setup to the Client
workflows operate correctly.
Application Instance Approval notify the Client when the system is
ready to be reviewed and ensure that the Client signs off on any Client
specific information. Clients can test their use cases at this time.
Test Application Instance to Production Application Instance
Migration The approved business process configurations in the
Client
instance.
Launch Production On an agreed upon date and time, Deposco will activate the application
Environment Production environment for the Client and provide access information
to the Client project team. The Client will inform all users how to
access the site and handheld devices.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-4

--- Page 9 ---
2.2 | Go-Live and Support
Go-Live At this point in the project, the team will review the final site with the Client and receive sign
off from the Client before transferring the system into the production state.
Wrap-Up/Transition At the conclusion of the project, the Deposco Project Manager will schedule a
project wrap-up meeting with the Client and UPS Customer Solutions to ensure there are no remaining
issues and that all deliverables were met. The Project Manager will transition the Client to the Deposco
Customer Support.
Support Documentation Deposco will include an ongoing support summary document to identify all
available support services (Customer Support, Product Support, Account Management, etc.) that the
Client can access, when those services become available to the Client, and how to access those services.
2.3 | Professional Services Description
Implementation methodology ensures that:
Deliverables are well-defined, documented and signed off
Technical pre-requisites are documented and communicated
Delivery process is understood and agreed to by all key participants
Solution is designed and tested to meet client specifications
Progress is documented and communicated to key participants and sponsors
Changes are managed and controlled
Issues are logged, tracked, and acted upon
The deployment of the solution is controlled and risk-free
Go-live is fully supported
Knowledge is shared and reused
2.4 | Project Management
The project management methodology uses tried and trusted tools to ensure the successful completion of
the project.
Deposco provides the Client with a Project Manager as a single point of contact for coordination of the
progress and success of the project. The responsibilities of the project manager have been defined above.
A key part of the methodology involves a Project Kickoff meeting to set consistent expectations of scope,
scale, duration, timing, deliverables, roles and responsibilities, escalation path and communication plan
for the project. This will include reviewing the project plan that includes all necessary tasks for
deployment. This meeting confirms and sets the contents of the Project Charter document.
The Deposco Project Manager will serve as the primary point of contact for identifying, reporting,
escalating, and ensuring the ultimate resolution for any issues that arise over the course of the project.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-5

--- Page 10 ---
2.5 | Requirements Definition and Gap Analysis
A critical phase of the project is to get clear understanding of the requirements. This phase
generates a Functional Requirements document that details the functionality expected of the application.
These requirements are measured against system functionality and a Gap analysis is performed. Requests
for feature changes and new designs will be handled through UPS Customer Solutions, with support from
the project manager, and the change control process.
In addition, the Client develops a Test Case document to be used in development of the solution by
Deposco and to validate in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) by the Client.
2.6 | Training
-the-
methodology. Deposco trainers are experienced warehouse and order management operators who have
worked in environments with varying levels of technology sophistication; enabling them to facilitate a
smooth transition to new technology and business processes.
The training environment is classroom based. PC workstations are required. Configured and connected
printers are required. Handheld devices are required. In some instances, training can be done in the
facility using actual items, orders etc.
guration should attend the
Activities include:
Creation of users
Layout configuration
Printer configuration
How to liaison with Deposco on process configuration
Defining user groups, roles, and permissions
Staff interacting with the system using the web interface on a PC or staff interacting with the system
through handheld devices should attend the End User training course (typically administered by the
Activities include:
Viewing/managing master data (as permissions allow)
Viewing/managing operational data (as permissions allow)
Running reports
Running processes in the Web UI or on the handheld
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-6

--- Page 11 ---
2.7 | User Acceptance Testing
The foundation of a successful project is the clear identification of requirements and test cases to validate
that the Client requirements are met. The user acceptance-testing (UAT) phase of the project is the
gatekeeper to go-live.
The Client is responsible for ensuring all requirements are detailed in the requirements phase and that a
test case document is available to validate against. While the Client is responsible for testing unique
processes and system integration, the Deposco team will support the testing process by facilitating Client
activities. The Deposco Project Manager will serve as the primary point of identifying, reporting,
escalating, and ensuring the ultimate resolution for any issues that arise over the course of the testing and
validation phase.
Deposco provides a UAT environment that is technically a replica of the production environment. Clients
can connect third party applications to this environment with defined interfaces. This environment is
available during the deployment and after go-live. New releases are made available in this environment
for Client testing prior to migration to production.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-7

--- Page 12 ---
3 | PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
3.1 | Client
Client Roles and Responsibilities
Project Sponsor Assign a Project Manager
Assist with the definition of overall project
vision
Provide guidance for high-level issue
resolution
Provide senior leadership communication in support of
the project
Monitor status reports and timelines
Sponsor change management initiatives to drive
project acceptance
Project Manager
Point of contact for overall deployment
Secure appropriate resources and ensure
availability
Ensure participation of all required
resources
Manage project timeline and ensure schedule
adherence
Provide business and technical guidance
Facilitate configuration
sessions
Participate in project status
meetings
Provide timely resolution of any escalated issues
Manage communication plan development and project-
wide communications to key stakeholders
Provide/coordinate signoff on all
deliverables
Participate in all transition and wrap-up
discussions
Coordinate stakeholders as needed
Ensure site readiness
Functional Lead (may be the same as Project Identify, escalate, resolve project issues
Manager) Participate in configuration workshops
Develop test cases and test scripts
Plan, manage, and conduct system testing
Plan, manage, and conduct user acceptance testing
Complete the WMDIT
Validate master data elements and business processes
Develop cutover plan and manage cutover execution
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-8

--- Page 13 ---
Technical Lead Technical contact for all Deposco
interaction/coordination
Participate in configuration sessions
Oversight of integration development and testing
Oversee unit testing, integration testing and issue
resolution
Participate in integration testing and UAT as needed
Map or provide file format specifics
Define or provide integration transport methods
Issue investigation and resolution
Define scheduling scripts
Secure additional technical resources as necessary
Conduct cutover activities
Training Lead Overall responsibility for coordinating all training
activity for end-users
Ensure training needs are addressed/issues escalated
appropriately
Develop training approach
Develop supplemental training documentation
Plan and manage training delivery
Ensure training plan is in sync with overall project plan
Administrator/Process Experts (may be the Client functional and technical expert on the Deposco
same as another role above) platform
Administer users, groups, and provide process guidance
and support
Submit and track technical issues
Primary contact for Deposco Client Support after
deployment
Pilot Users Provide input to the Configuration sessions
Provide input to test case development
Participate in UAT
Receive training
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-9

--- Page 14 ---
3.2 | Deposco
Execution of Deposco deployment service is contingent on shared responsibility between Deposco and
the Client. The Client takes overall responsibility for the deployment with the assistance of Deposco.
The following table summarizes the general responsibilities for the Deposco resources.
Deposco Roles and Responsibilities throughout Implementation Phase
Role Responsibilities
Project Sponsor Assign a Project Manager
Help define overall project vision
Provide guidance for high-level issue resolution
Provide senior leadership communication in support of the
project
Monitor status reports and timelines
Liaison to the Deployment Team for scope issues
Project Manager / Design Lead Point of contact for overall deployment
Ensure resources are available and properly assigned
Ensure participation across all project resources
Manage project timeline to help ensure timely completion
of all project tasks
Identify and address resource needs (in addition to
resources outlined in the project organizational structure)
Provide project roles, responsibilities, and issue escalation
path
Identify and escalates, as appropriate, project issues
Ensure timely project communication and status updates
Provide documentation on Client support services
Distribute project wrap-up document at the conclusion of
the project
Functional Lead (may be the same as Project Facilitate configuration sessions
Manager) Provide sample test cases/scripts. Client is responsible for
use case and script development
Assist with troubleshooting and issue resolution
Assist in user acceptance testing, integration testing, and
related issue resolution
Technical Lead Educate Client Technical Team on integration platform
Review data for completeness and assists in data issue
resolution
Assist with technical aspects of site configuration
Assist in user acceptance testing, integration testing, and
related issue resolution
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-10

--- Page 15 ---
3.3 Estimated Hours
Consulting Development Testing Total
Product Description
Hours Hours Hours Hours
Design 100.0 0.0 0.0 100.0
General
Project Management 100.0 0.0 0.0 100.0
Configuration (UI) 12.0 0.0 0.0 12.0
System
Master Data Setup 12.0 0.0 0.0 12.0
Configuration
Printing 4.0 0.0 0.0 4.0
Cycle Counting 8.0 0.0 0.0 8.0
Cartonization 12.0 0.0 0.0 12.0
Packing / Shipping 36.0 0.0 0.0 36.0
Replenishment 16.0 0.0 0.0 16.0
Bright
Put-Away 12.0 0.0 0.0 12.0
Warehouse
Waving / Picking 32.0 0.0 0.0 32.0
Receiving 10.0 0.0 0.0 10.0
Automations (Post Order Import)
20.0 0.0 0.0 20.0
& Address Validation
ShipExec Cloud 20.0 0.0 0.0 20.0
Bright Socket Deposco API Support (D1 ERP) 40.0 0.0 0.0 40.0
Deposco API Support (Cubiscan) 20.0 0.0 0.0 20.0
Bright
Reports & Dashboards 24.0 0.0 0.0 24.0
Performance
User Acceptance Testing (UAT) 64.0 0.0 0.0 64.0
Go Live
Go Live 140.0 0.0 0.0 140.0
Total: 682.00 0.00 0.00 682.00
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-11

--- Page 16 ---
3.4 Add-On Details
Name Description
Anticipated weekly project management support for: Internal project
Project Management
meetings, Client project meetings, Project planning and updates
Printing Printer configuration & setup, Print client setup assistance
Master Data Setup Support for preliminary master data setup
Setup and configuration for Deposco's Receiving process for PO and RMA
Receiving
receipts
Setup and configuration of putaway processes with anticipated putaway
Put-Away
rules for: Item Consolidation, Pallet Put-Away by empty location
Setup and configuration for cycle count process and cycle count profiles
Cycle Counting
for task generation
Setup and configuration for: Build waves rules & release wave process,
Waving / Picking
Picking: Deposco's Batch Picking and Single Scan Picking processes
Setup and configuration for: Packing & shipping: Deposco's Build Pallet,
Packing / Shipping Repalletize, and ATTC processes, Pack by Container or Single Scan
Packing and/or Pack Order by Item, Bulk Packing
Static Replenishment Task Creation: by Storage records (min/max)
Replenishment
Replenishment Process: execute directed replenishment tasks
Packing process to be configured using Deposco's base cartonization
Cartonization
algorithm
Automations (Post
Anticipated support for configuration of post order import (POI) logic
Order Import) &
using Automations, and Address Validation enablement
Address Validation
Support for D1's integration to Deposco's REST APIs: Items, Trading
Deposco API Support
Partners, Purchase Orders, Receipts, Sales Orders, Shipments, Inventory
(D1 ERP)
Adjustments
Reports & Dashboards Anticipated support for setting up initial set of dashboards and reports
Onsite User Acceptance Testing (UAT) support: Onsite UAT with 2
User Acceptance
resources across 4 days (64 hours) ***Any additional hours needed will
Testing (UAT)
require SOW/CR
Support and configuration for ShipExec including shipment, rate shopping,
ShipExec Cloud
Onsite go live support support for 2 resources for 5 days (80 hours) -Post
Go Live go live support (60 hours) ***Any additional hours needed will require
SOW/CR
Deposco API Support Support for Cubiscan's integration to Deposco's REST API: -Container
(Cubiscan) API - to pass Deposco the dims/weights of the package
Onsite design for 3 resources for 2.5 days (60 hours) -Deliverables for
Design design document development and design review meetings (40 hours)
***Any additional hours needed will require SOW/CR
Configuration (UI) Assistance with UI menu, layout, and view configuration and training
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-12

--- Page 17 ---
3.5 Integration Diagram
Client: Williams Trading Company United Parcel Service, Inc. (an Ohio
Corporation)
By: By:
Name: Name:
Title: Title:
Date: Date:
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-13

--- Page 18 ---
Schedule B
Support Services Package
1.0 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Schedule B and in addition to any other terms defined herein, the
capitalized terms used herein will have the meanings set forth in the Client Agreement.
2.0 MAINTENANCE SERVICES.
2.1 m of the Client Agreement and with respect
to the Deposco Software, Deposco will provide the following Maintenance Services for Support
Services Package Level 1:
(a) Respond to any defect report it receives in accordance with the schedule set forth in Section
2.2 below.
(b) Support Services Package Level 1 - Maintain a telephone number and technician to receive
calls on five (5) days a week, twelve (12) hours a day basis, nationally recognized holidays
and specific Deposco holidays, excepted, which include New Year
King, Jr. Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and day
after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, concerning emergency problems
and questions.
Support Services Package Level 2 (applicable fees provided in Schedule A) - Maintain a
telephone number and technician to receive calls on seven (7) days a week, twelve (12)
hours a day basis, nationally recognized holidays and specific Deposco holidays, excepted,
Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and day after Thanksgiving, Christmas
Eve and Christmas Day, concerning emergency problems and questions.
Support Services Package Level 3 (applicable fees provided in Schedule A) - Maintain a
telephone number and technician to receive calls on seven (7) days a week, twenty-four
(24) hours a day basis, nationally recognized holidays and specific Deposco holidays,
Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and day after Thanksgiving, Christmas
Eve and Christmas Day, concerning emergency problems and questions.
(c)
hours.
(d) Provide technical support and guidance in the operation of the Software Services to Client
hours.
(e) Provide error analysis and correction as set forth in the schedule in Section 2.2 below.
(f)
Deposco determines a problem that is covered by this Section exists; and
(g) Provide a designated, knowledgeable support contact for providing technical support, who
may be changed from time to time.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-14

--- Page 19 ---
2.2 Response Times. Deposco will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Support Services
(Classification will be determined by the support specialist):
Severity Severity Response Goal Resolution Goal
Level Classification Time Time
S1 Critical 1 hour 8 hours
S2 Significant 4 hours 2 business days
S3 Less 24 hours 5 business days
Significant
S4 Low 24 hours Next Release
"Response Goal Time" is the time for a return call from Deposco to Client to
acknowledge the defect and to estimate the time for providing the resolution.
"Resolution Goal Time" is the time to provide a documented fix or repair (which may be
a workaround) that restores full functionality. Any such fix will be deemed an "Update".
Severity Classifications:
S1 / Critical: is a defect or issue where Client
severely impacted that the Client cannot reasonably continue business operations. It may result in
a material and immediate interruption of Client may result in a loss of
Client data and/or restrict availability to such data and/or cause significant financial impact.
S2 / Significant: means a defect or issue where one or more important functions of the system are
unavailable with no acceptable alternative. Client's production use of the system is continuing but
not stopped; however, there is a serious impact on the Client's business operations.
S3 / Less Significant: means a defect or issue where: (a) important select system features are
unavailable but a reasonable alternative is available, or (b) less significant system features are
unavailable with no reasonable alternative; Client
functionality.
S4 / Low: means (a) a defect or issue that has a minimal impact on operations or basic
functionality of the system or (b) Client poses questions regarding basic functionality of the system.
2.3 Additional Charges. If a problem reported (or if Client otherwise requests assistance) is outside
the scope of this Section, UPS Customer Solutions will notify Client to that effect and reserves
the right to charge Client pursuant to the hourly rate set forth, for which Client agrees to pay
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Client Agreement. If a reported problem is a result
of creation of Customized Software, UPS Customer Solutions will charge Client on
time and materials basis for such Maintenance Services for the second incident of providing
such services and all further incidents thereafter pursuant to the hourly rate set forth.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-15

--- Page 20 ---
2.4 Client Client will be responsible for: (a) Reporting errors
promptly; (b) Providing sufficient information for Deposco to duplicate the circumstances of a
reported defect or duplicate the error, as described in the Documentation, so Deposco can
duplicate the error, assess the situation, and/or undertake any needed or appropriate corrective
action hereunder; (c) Otherwise following instructions or suggestions from Deposco regarding
use, maintenance, upgrades, repairs, workarounds, or other related matters; and (d) Designating
two (2) members of its staff to serve as Client
support issues. Client on
of Support Services to Client is subject to Client ance and compliance regarding (i) at
Depos will provide Deposco with reasonable access to Client
personnel and equipment during normal business hours to discuss and assess any problems
and/or requests for assistance; and (ii) Client will document and promptly report to Deposco all
errors or malfunctions of the Software Services. It is Client
procedures necessary at Client's facilities for the rectification of errors or malfunctions within a
reasonable time after such procedures have been received from Deposco.
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-16

--- Page 21 ---
Schedule C
Invoice Schedule
Implementation:
Due at signing (May 2024) - $31,542.50
o 25% Implementation Retainer
Remaining Implementation hours are billed monthly as consumed: $94,627.50
Subscription:
Year 1
o May 2024 - $71,000
Year 2
o May 2025 - $75,000
Year 3
o May 2026 - $75,000
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-17

--- Page 22 ---
Schedule D
Change Request Form
Change Request #: Date:
Requested By:
Change Description: (Affected Component/Phase/Project)
Change Priority
High Priority Medium Priority Low Priority
High Complexity Medium Complexity Low Complexity
Impact Analysis
Cost
Schedule
Quality
Resources
Other
Parties/Projects
Decision
Reason:
Approved
Not Approved
Project Manager Signature:
Project Owner Signature
UPS Customer Solutions_Williams Trading Company Confidential B-18

