PDF Text Extraction Results
Original File: Fourstar Group_MSA_30JUN2023.pdf
Extracted: 2025-08-13 12:47:49
Total Pages: 13
==================================================

--- Page 1 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
6/30/2023
This Master SaaS Agreement (this "Agreement") is made effective as of ______________________ (the “Effective Date”) by and between Deposco,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Deposco") and the undersigned Fourstar Group USA, Inc., a Delaware Corporation ("Company”). This Agreement
consists of the Signature Page, Terms and Conditions, one or more Order Forms (attached as Schedule A), and a description of Support Services
(attached as Schedule B).
By executing this Agreement, Company acknowledges that it has reviewed the Terms and Conditions and Schedules incorporated into this Agreement
and agrees to be legally bound by the same. For and in consideration of the mutual promises and obligations herein, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged and agreed, the parties hereby cause this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representative effective
as of the last date written below.
DEPOSCO, INC. FOURSTAR GROUP USA, INC.
A DELAWARE CORPORATION A DELAWARE CORPORATION
By: By:
Bill Gibson Ted Conlon
Name: Name:
CEO SVP Operations
Title: Title:
6/30/2023
6/30/2023
Date: Date:
Address: 11605 Haynes Bridge Road, Suite 200 Address: 189 Main Street, Suite 31
Alpharetta, GA 30009 Milford, MA 01757

--- Page 2 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.0 GENERAL. The following terms and conditions (“Terms the Professional Services. Deposco may at any time
and Conditions”) provide for terms that are common to this remove and replace any such subcontractors.
Agreement, including all Schedules. In the event of a conflict
3.8 Up-Time Commitment
between these Terms and Conditions and any Schedule, the
Schedule will control, unless expressly stated to the contrary (a) Availability. The Software Services will be
in these Terms and Conditions. provided to Company and its End Users, using
commercially reasonable efforts, twenty-four
2.0 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, and in addition
hours a day, seven days a week less the period
to any other defined terms, the capitalized terms used herein
during which the Software Services are not
are defined in the Glossary at the end of these Terms and
available due to one or more of the following
Conditions.
events (collectively, the “Excusable Downtime”):
3.0 SERVICES.
1) Scheduled network, hardware or service
3.1 General. All Services will be provided to Company maintenance, which is typically between the
according to the Service Terms and Conditions, the hours of midnight and 4am Eastern Standard
Schedule describing the Service, and one or more Order Time with at least fourteen (14) days prior
Forms. written notice of such maintenance;
2) The acts or omissions of Company or
3.2 Software Services. Deposco will provide Company
Company’s employees, agents, contractors,
and End Users with access to the applicable Deposco
vendors, or anyone gaining access to the
Software selected and described on Schedule A (“Order
Software Services by means of Company’s
Form) (“Software Services”). During the Term and
Account;
subject to Company’s compliance with this Agreement,
3) A failure of the Internet and/or the public
Deposco grants Company the non-exclusive,
switched telephone network;
nontransferable, non-assignable, and limited rights and
4) Company’s failure to comply with Section 6
licenses as follows:
below;
(a) To allow End Users to remotely access and use the 5) The occurrence of any event that is beyond
Deposco Software that is located on the Deposco Deposco’s reasonable control; or
Server in accordance with the terms of this 6) At Company’s direction, Deposco restricting
Agreement. Company and its End Users’ access to the
Software Services.
(b) To use the Deposco Software to create customized
user applications (“Customized Software”) in (b) Commitment. Subject to Company satisfying
accordance with the Documentation. Such its obligation herein, Deposco guarantees that the
customization shall be performed by Deposco if Software Services will be available to Company and
requested by Company. End Users at least 99% of the time during each
calendar month, excluding Excusable Downtime
3.3 Professional Services. Deposco will provide
(“Uptime Commitment”). If Deposco fails to satisfy
consulting or software development services to
the Uptime Commitment during a month then
Company as described on Schedule A or in a separate
Deposco will credit to the Company a pro-rated
professional services agreement executed by the
portion of the Software Services Fee (as defined in
authorized representatives of the parties.
Schedule A) in the first month of the next
3.4 Support Services. Deposco will provide customer succeeding calendar year following the failure. For
care and support services to Company as described on purpose of this Section 3.6(b), “pro-rated portion
Schedule B (“Support Services”). of the Software Services Fee” means the product
obtained by multiplying the applicable Services Fee
3.5 Service Delivery. Deposco may provide the Services during the month of the failure by a fraction, the
from any facility and may from time to time transfer any numerator of which will be the number of hours
or all of the Services being provided hereunder to any that the Software Services did not satisfy the
new facility(ies) or relocate the personnel, equipment Uptime Commitment, and the denominator of
and other resources used in providing those Services. which will be the total number of hours during the
month that such failure occurred less excusable
3.6 Project Control. Deposco has the sole right and
Downtime. The foregoing refund will be
obligation to supervise, manage, contract, direct,
Company’s sole and exclusive remedy for
procure, perform, or cause to be performed the
Deposco’s failure to comply with the Uptime
Professional Services to be performed by Deposco
Commitment.
hereunder unless otherwise provided herein.
3.7 Subcontractors. Deposco may, as it deems
4.0 RIGHTS RESERVED. Title ownership rights, and
Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Deposco Software,
appropriate, use subcontractors for all or any portion of

--- Page 3 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Customized Software, all Deposco Marks (and all Derivative 5.4 Offset. Fees and expenses due from Company under
Works thereto and copies thereof) will remain in possession this Agreement may not be withheld or offset by
of Deposco. Company and Deposco agrees to abide by the Company against other amounts for any reason.
patent and copyright laws and all other applicable laws of the
United States. Company acknowledges that the Deposco
6.0 COMPANY OBLIGATIONS
Software in source code form remains Proprietary 6.1 Technical Requirements. Company must have
Information of Deposco and that the source code is not required equipment, software, and Internet access to be
licensed to Company by this Agreement or any Schedule and able to use the Software Services. Acquiring, installing,
will not be provided by Deposco. No right or implied license maintaining and operating equipment, any Company
or right of any kind is granted to Company regarding the Software, and Internet access is solely Company's
Services, including, but not limited to, any right to use, responsibility, except as otherwise expressly provided in
reproduce, market, sell, translate, distribute, transfer, adopt, an Order Form. Compatible browsers include, but are
disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer the Deposco not limited to Chrome, Firefox, and Safari current
Software or the Documentation thereof, or any portions editions plus typically four (4) previous editions as well as
thereof, or obtain possession of any source code or other Edge (editions subject to change based on security
technical material relating to the Deposco Software. matters and updates). Deposco neither represents nor
Company further agrees not to lease, license, sell, sublicense warrants that the Deposco Software will be accessible
or otherwise transfer its access to or use of the Software through all web browser releases.
Services. The Software Services may only be used by
6.2 Privacy Policy. Company’s use of the Deposco
Company and its employees, and agents or representatives
website is subject to the terms of the privacy policy set
acting on Company’s behalf. In addition, Company agrees
forth on the website from time to time that governs the
not to modify the Deposco Software, create Derivative
use of information by Company received from Deposco
Works or attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or
or a third party and the use of information by Deposco
reverse engineer the Deposco Software, except to exercise
from Company (“Privacy Policy”). The Privacy Policy is
those rights set forth in Section 3.2.(b) above.
intended to be complementary and additive to the terms
5.0 FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS of this Agreement, including the confidentiality
provisions thereof. In the event of any direct conflict
5.1 Services Fees. For the Services provided under this
between the Privacy Policy and this Agreement the terms
Agreement, Company will pay Deposco the fee in the
of this Agreement shall control.
amount set forth in the applicable Order Form(s). Initial
Services Fees will be invoiced to Company upon 6.3 Use of Deposco Website. Company shall not and
execution of the Agreement per the terms of Schedule A. shall not permit others in using the Software or Software
Subsequent invoices as applicable will be delivered on a Services to: (i) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or
monthly basis via email unless otherwise denoted in otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights (such as
Schedule A and all payments for Service Fees shall be due rights of privacy, publicity and intellectual property) of
30 days from the date of invoice. Service Fees are non- others or Deposco; (ii) publish, ship, distribute or
cancelable and non-refundable unless Deposco disseminate any harmful, profane, vulgar, infringing,
materially fails to perform its obligations under or obscene, false, fraudulent, tortuous, indecent, unlawful,
otherwise materially breaches this Agreement. All fees immoral or otherwise objectionable material or
paid and expenses reimbursed under this Agreement will information (including any unsolicited commercial
be in United States currency. communications); (iii) publish, ship, distribute or
disseminate material or information that encourages
5.2 Late Fees. Company will pay a late fee of 1½% per
conduct that could constitute a criminal offense or give
month (not to exceed the maximum allowed under state
rise to civil liability; (iv) engage in any conduct that could
law) on all reasonably uncontested balances not paid
constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability
when due. Deposco, at its option, may suspend the
for Deposco; (v) misrepresent or in any other way falsely
Services, in whole or in part, if Deposco does not receive
identify Company’s identity or affiliation, including
an amount due and owing under this Agreement within
through impersonation or altering any technical
fifteen (15) days after written notice of non-payment is
information in communications using the Software
delivered by Deposco.
Services; (vi) transmit or upload any material through the
5.3 Taxes. The fees and expenses due to Deposco as set Software Services contains viruses, trojan horses, worms,
forth in this Agreement are net amounts to be received time bombs, cancelbots, or any other programs with the
by Deposco, exclusive of all sales, use, withholding, intent or effect of damaging, destroying, disrupting or
excise, value added, ad valorem taxes or duties incurred otherwise impairing Deposco’s, or any other person’s or
by Company or imposed on Deposco in the performance entity's, network, computer system, or other equipment;
of this Agreement or otherwise due as a result of this (vii) interfere with or disrupt the Software Services,
Agreement. This section will not apply to taxes based networks or servers connected to the Deposco systems
solely on Deposco's income. or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such

--- Page 4 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
networks or servers, including unlawful or unauthorized information that is a trade secret under law;
altering any of the information submitted through the “Confidential Information” means information, other
Software Services; (viii) attempt to gain unauthorized than Trade Secrets, that is of value to its owner and is
access to the Software, other Deposco customers' treated as confidential; “Proprietary Information” means
computer systems or networks using the Software Trade Secrets and Confidential Information; the
Services through any means; or (ix) interfere with “Disclosing Party” refers to the party disclosing
another party’s use of the Software Services, including Proprietary Information hereunder, whether such
any parties Company has done business with or choose disclosure is directly from Disclosing Party or through
not to do business with through the Software Services, Disclosing Party’s employees or agents; and “Recipient”
(x) use the Service(s) for the purposes of cookie tracking, refers to the party receiving any Proprietary Information
ad exchanges, ad networks, data brokerages, or sending hereunder, whether such disclosure is received directly
electronic communications (including e-mail) in violation or through Recipient's employees or agents.
of applicable law (xi) use the Service(s) to store or
7.2 Requirement of Confidentiality. Recipient
transmit any “protected health information” as that term
agrees to hold the Proprietary Information disclosed by
is defined in 45 C.F.R. 160.103 unless expressly agreed to
Disclosing Party in confidence and not to, directly or
otherwise in a signed writing by Deposco; or (xii) use the
indirectly, copy, reproduce, distribute, manufacture,
Service(s) to store or transmit any “Payment Card
duplicate, reveal, report, publish, disclose, cause to be
Industry” data as that term is defined by Payment Card
disclosed, or otherwise transfer the Proprietary
Industry Data Security Standards unless expressly agreed
Information disclosed by Disclosing Party to any third
to otherwise in a signed writing by Deposco. Deposco has
party, or utilize the Proprietary Information disclosed by
no obligation to monitor Company's use of the Software
Disclosing Party for any purpose whatsoever other than
and Software Services. However, Deposco reserves the
as expressly contemplated by this Agreement. Company
right (but has no obligation) at all times to monitor,
acknowledges that the Software and Documentation are
review, retain and/or disclose any information as
the Proprietary Information of Deposco. With regard to
necessary to satisfy or cooperate with any applicable law,
the Trade Secrets, the obligations in this Section shall
regulation, legal process or governmental request.
continue for so long as such information constitutes a
trade secret under applicable law. With regard to the
6.4 Password Confidentiality. Each End User that Confidential Information, the obligations in this Section
uses the Software Services will choose a password when shall continue for the term of this Agreement and for a
registering. Such End Users are responsible for period of three (3) years thereafter. The foregoing
maintaining the confidentiality of the passwords. obligations shall not apply if and to the extent that: (i)
Company will also be assigned a password or passwords Recipient establishes that the information
for access to and use of the Software Services. Company communicated was publicly known at the time of
and its End Users are fully responsible for all activities Recipient's receipt or has become publicly known other
that occur using the passwords. Company acknowledges than by a breach of this Agreement; or (ii) Recipient is
and agrees that Deposco will not be liable for any loss ordered by an administrative agency or other
that Company or any End User may incur as a result of governmental body of competent jurisdiction to disclose
someone else using a password that has been assigned the Proprietary Information.
by Deposco to Company or its End Users, either with or
7.3 Data Use. Company agrees that data derived by
without the knowledge of Company or the applicable End
Deposco from Deposco’s performance of the Services or
User. Nor will Deposco be liable or responsible for any
input by Company may be used for the purposes of
unauthorized access and/or misuse of the Software
analysis, including, without limitation, statistical analysis,
Services by Company or any of its End Users.
trend analysis, creation of data models, and creation of
6.5 Compliance with Law. Company is solely statistical rules, except that such analysis shall be
responsible for any and all improper use of the Software performed solely by Deposco and such analysis shall be
Services that occurs as a direct or indirect result of any performed only in conjunction with data derived by
act or omission of Company. Company will notify Deposco from Deposco’s performance of Services for
Deposco immediately of any unauthorized use of the other customers, input by other Deposco customers or
Software Services or any other breach of security that is obtained from party data sources. The results of such
known or suspected by Company. analysis (“De-identified Data”) may be used by Deposco
for any lawful purpose, including, without limitation,
7.0 NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY.
determining future hardware and communications needs
7.1 Disclosure. Each party may disclose to the other party for Deposco systems and determining trends associated
certain Trade Secrets and Confidential Information of with warehouse use, operation, and efficacy.
such party or of such party's associated companies, Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement,
distributors, licensors, suppliers, or customers. For De-identified Data shall not contain (i) any Proprietary
purposes of this Agreement, “Trade Secrets” means Information of Company, (ii) any information that

--- Page 5 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
identifies or can be reasonably used to identify an performance or non-performance of any Services,
individual person, (iii) any information that identifies or including the failure of essential purpose, even if either
can be reasonably used to identify Company or its party has been notified of the possibility or likelihood of
affiliates and their suppliers, or (iv) any information that such damages occurring, and whether such liability is
identifies or can be reasonably used to identify any based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability,
activities or behaviors of Company. products liability or otherwise.
8.0 TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES. Nothing in this 10.2 MAXIMUM LIABILITY. In no event shall either
Agreement confers upon either party any right to use the party’s liability for any damages to the other party
other party's Marks, except in Deposco’s performance of the regardless of the form of action, whether based on
Services. All use of such Marks by either party will inure to contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, products liability
the benefit of the owner of such Marks, use of which will be or otherwise, exceed the fees received by Deposco under
subject to specifications controlled by the owner. this Agreement during the twelve (12) months
immediately preceding the events giving rise to such
9.0 LIMITED WARRANTY. Each party represents and
claim.
warrants that it has the legal power and authority to enter
into this Agreement. Deposco represents and warrants that 11.0 INDEMNIFICATION.
it will provide the Services in a manner consistent with
11.1 Mutual Indemnification. The parties will each
general industry standards reasonably applicable to the
indemnify, defend, and hold the other party harmless
provision thereof and that the Service will perform
against all claims, actions or proceedings, arising out of
substantially in accordance with the Documentation under
any claim that any third-party software, any content,
normal use and circumstances. Deposco further represents
data, Marks or other Materials provided by Company and
and warrants that it shall provide the Services in compliance
Deposco or its employees or inputted into the
with all applicable laws, including applicable data privacy and
Deposco/Company Software, or the permitted use of the
protection laws and regulations that govern the processing
same by Deposco and Company, infringes or violates any
or personally-identifiable data (without limitation, names,
third-party patent, copyright or trade secret right
physical addresses, email addresses, IP addresses), including
enforceable in the United States.
but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation
(EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and California Customer Privacy Act 11.2 Third Party Software. During the term of this
(“CCPA”). Other than as expressly set forth in this section, Agreement, Company may provide or make available to
neither Deposco, its affiliates, licensors or suppliers, nor their Deposco certain third-party software and other Company
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents or and third-party Materials in connection with Deposco
representatives makes any express or implied warranties, performing Implementation or Support Services.
conditions, or representations to company, or any other Company represents and warrants that Company is
person or entity with respect to the Services or otherwise authorized to provide Deposco such third-party software
regarding this Agreement, whether oral or written, express, and Company and third-party Materials and that
implied or statutory. Without limiting the foregoing, any Deposco is authorized to use such third-party software
implied warranty or condition of merchantability, the and such Materials solely for the purpose of providing the
implied warranty against infringement, the implied warranty Professional Services. In addition to any other
or condition of fitness for a particular purpose, and those indemnification obligations it may have under the
arising from a course of dealing or usage of trade are Agreement, Company will indemnify, defend and hold
expressly excluded and disclaimed. No warranty is made harmless Deposco from and against any and all claims
that use of the Services will be error free or uninterrupted, (including, but not limited to, claims of infringement of
that any errors or defects in the Services will be corrected, or Intellectual Property Rights), liabilities, losses, damages,
that the Services functionality will meet company’s causes of action or injuries, together with costs and
requirements, Deposco shall use commercially reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising
efforts to correct known errors or defects within the Service out of or resulting from Company's failure to comply with
in order to achieve functionality consistent with the the foregoing representations and warranties.
Documentation under normal use and circumstances.
11.3 Obligations. Company and Deposco will pay
10.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. damages, settlements, expenses, costs and reasonable
attorney’s fees, incurred by the other, arising out of the
10.1 LIMITATION OF REMEDY. In no event shall either
matters set forth in this Section, provided that such
party, its affiliates, licensors or suppliers, or any of their
payment will be contingent on: (i) prompt notice by the
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents or
indemnified party to the indemnifying party in writing of
representatives be liable to the other party, or any other
such claim to enable Company and Deposco, as the case
person or entity for any indirect, special, incidental,
may be, to defend or mitigate the same; (ii) cooperation
exemplary or consequential damages or loss of goodwill
by Deposco and Company in the defense and/or
in any way relating to this Agreement or resulting from
settlement thereof, at the indemnifying party’s expense;
the use of or inability to use the deliverables or the

--- Page 6 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
and, (iii) the indemnified party allows the indemnifying 13.0 GENERAL. This Agreement will be exclusively construed,
party to control the defense and all related settlement governed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the
negotiations, although the parties will consult with each internal laws (excluding all conflict of law rules) of the State
other. of Delaware and any applicable federal laws of the United
States of America, as from time to time amended and in
12.0 TERM AND TERMINATION.
effect. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention
12.1 Initial Term. This Agreement shall commence on the on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not
Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect apply in any respect to this Agreement or the parties hereto.
for a period of three years following the Effective Date Notwithstanding the content of any Company purchase
(“Initial Term”), unless earlier terminated as provided for order or any other document or record, whether in writing
below. Thereafter, the Initial Term shall automatically or electronic, relating to the subject matter of this
renew for successive periods of two (2) years each (each Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and
a "Renewal Term"), unless either party provides written any conflicting, inconsistent, or additional terms contained in
notice (email acceptable) to the other party’s CFO or such documents shall be null and void. All communications
similar at least 90 days prior to the end of the then- required or otherwise provided under this Agreement shall
current Initial or Renewal Term of its intent to not renew be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered (i) by
the Agreement. hand, (ii) by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested; (iii) by a nationally recognized
12.2 Termination. Without prejudice to any other
overnight courier service; or (iv) by facsimile (with
remedies and in addition to any other termination rights
confirmation copy available upon request) to the address set
herein, the parties shall have the right to terminate this
forth in the signature section of this Agreement, as may be
Agreement as provided below:
amended by the parties by written notice to the other party
(a) By either party if the other party commits a in accordance with this Section. Company may not assign its
material breach of this Agreement and such breach rights and duties under this Agreement without the prior
remains uncured 30 days after written notice of written consent of Deposco except that Company may assign
such breach is delivered to such other party this Agreement in whole as part of a merger, or sale of
including the failure to pay any fees due to substantially all of its assets. Any assignment in violation of
Deposco; or this Section shall be void and of no effect. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
(b) By either party if the other party makes an and their successors and permitted assigns. Should any
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation,
commences or has commenced against it any the parties agree that the court interpreting or construing
proceeding in bankruptcy, insolvency, or the same shall not apply a presumption that the terms of this
reorganization pursuant to bankruptcy laws, laws Agreement shall be more strictly construed against one party
of debtor’s moratorium or similar laws. than against another. In case any one or more of the
12.3 Effect. Upon termination of this Agreement for any
provisions of this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and
reason, all rights and licenses granted by Deposco
enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein
hereunder to Company will immediately cease. Within
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this
Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the
Agreement and so long as Company has paid all
parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes
outstanding amounts due to Deposco, Deposco shall
all written or oral prior agreements or understandings with
provide to Company a copy of Company’s data on an
respect thereto. No modification, extension or waiver of or
agreed upon electronic media.
under this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing
12.4 Survival. Termination of this Agreement or any and signed by an authorized representative of the party
Schedule will not affect the provisions regarding sought to be charged therewith. No written waiver shall
constitute, or be construed as, a waiver of any other
Deposco’s or Company’s treatment of Confidential
obligation or condition of this Agreement. Deposco and
Information and Trade Secrets, provisions relating to the
payments of amounts due, indemnification provisions, or Company shall not be liable for delay or failure in performing
provisions limiting or disclaiming each party’s liability, any of its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its
reasonable control, including an act of nature, war, natural
which provisions will survive such termination. Each
disaster, governmental regulations, terrorism,
party will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other
communication or utility failures or casualties or the failures
party against all claims, actions, proceedings, losses and
damages whatsoever arising out of or in any manner or acts of third parties. All Schedules attached to this
related to such party’s: (i) unauthorized use or Agreement or subsequently added hereto by mutual consent
of the parties are incorporated into this Agreement for all
reproduction of the Deposco Software or the Customized
Software; and (ii) violation of Section 7.2 of this purposes. Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute or be
deemed to constitute a partnership between the parties
Agreement.

--- Page 7 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
hereto or constitute or be deemed to constitute one party as to contract in the name of or create a liability against the
agent of the other, for any purpose whatsoever, and neither other, in any way or for any purpose.
party shall have the authority or power to bind the other, or

--- Page 8 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
GLOSSARY
1.0 Company Software means the software and/or any other materials owned or used by Company (other than the Deposco Software).
2.0 Deposco Server means the hardware platform or network system owned or operated by, or on behalf of, Deposco where the Deposco
Software resides and is accessed by Company via an internet connection to the server using an approved Web browser.
3.0 Deposco Software means the Internet-based Deposco Software products and related Services provided by Deposco, that are more
particularly described on Schedule A and that are accessible to Company and its End Users via a Web browser through the Internet for their
use of the Software Services.
4.0 Derivative Works means any suggestions, contributions, enhancements, improvements, additions, modifications, or Derivative Works
to the referenced software or other materials.
5.0 Documentation means the user documentation and any other operating, training, and reference manuals relating to the use of the
Software Services, as supplied by Deposco to Company, as well as any Derivative Works thereof.
6.0 End User means all Company agents and employees, whether full-time, part-time, on-leave, or on vacation who are authorized to use
the Software Services and have been provided a password for the same.
7.0 Intellectual Property Rights means any and all rights to exclude, existing from time to time in any jurisdiction, under patent law,
copyright law, moral rights law, trade-secret law, semiconductor chip protection law, trademark law, unfair competition law, or other
similar rights.
8.0 Marks means service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, and any modifications to the foregoing that may be created during the
Term.
9.0 Materials means data, materials, pictures, documentation, audio, video, artistic works, writings, and other works of authorship.
10.0 Services means all services provided by Deposco under this Agreement including, without limitation, the Software Services and Support
Services.
11.0 Systems Administrator means an individual or individuals authorized by Company to contact Deposco regarding problems, errors,
or technical questions concerning the Deposco Software.
12.0 Normal Business Hours means Monday through Friday, 8am to 8pm Eastern Time.
13.0 Go-Live means the activation of Company’s production software environment.

--- Page 9 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
SCHEDULE A
ORDER FORM AND FEES
This Schedule A - Order Form and Fees ("Schedule A") is between Deposco ("Deposco") and the undersigned ("Company Name").
EXPIRATION DATE OF ORDER FORM: 36 Months from Effective Date
TERRITORY: North America
Deposco Software Services Subscription Fees
Solution Bundle Total $64,040 / year
● Invoiced annually beginning on Effective Date
Deposco Bright Warehouse Application:
Includes:
● Bright Warehouse Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
● Users
○ Unlimited Users for (2) Facilities ● Included in solution bundle fees
■ 925 Grant St. Akron, Ohio 44311
■ California 3PL (virtual facility)
Deposco Bright Order Application:
Includes:
● Enterprise Order Management Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Order (Advanced Options):
● Enterprise Inventory ● Included in solution bundle fees
● Distributed Order Management ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Socket Application:
Includes:
● Bright Socket Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Socket (Socket Connectors):
● Standard Sockets ● Included in solution bundle fees
○ FedEx ○ 10 Instances
○ Fedex Freight ○ 10 Instances
○ UPS ○ 10 Instances
○ UPS Freight ○ 10 Instances
● Select Sockets ● Included in solution bundle fees
Proprietary and Confidential Page 9 of 13 Schedule A
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 10 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
SCHEDULE A
ORDER FORM AND FEES
○ RESTful web API Support - JDE
Deposco Bright Performance Application:
Includes:
● Standard Dashboard and Reporting Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Performance (Advanced Options):
● Data Archive ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Professional Services Service Fees
Professional Services Total $122,625
● $150/hour applied to the first 817.50 project hours completed
Deposco Professional Services
● Deployment Retainer ● $24,525 due at signing and will be applied to Implementation
Services. Remaining professional services billed as incurred.
● $225/hour applied to professional services completed beyond the
● Ongoing Professional Services initial (rate will remain valid for one year from date of Agreement;
may be adjusted thereafter)
● Reasonable and Customary Travel Expenses
● At cost (billed as incurred)
Other Items Service Fees
Other Total $0
Deposco Bright Cloud Solution:
Includes:
● Tier 2 Solution ● Included with bundle subscription fees
● (2) Tenant Environments: ● Included with bundle subscription fees
o (1) Production
o (1) Sandbox
Proprietary and Confidential Page 10 of 13 Schedule A
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 11 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
SCHEDULE A
ORDER FORM AND FEES
● Disaster Recovery Service ● Included with bundle subscription fees
Deposco Support Services:
Deposco support services are detailed in Schedule B.
● Support Package Level 1 ● Included with bundle subscription fees
● Support Package Level 2 ● Additional $2,000 / month
● Support Package Level 3 ● Additional $3,000 / month
Support Package Levels 2 and 3 billed monthly as incurred (15 days
advance notice required).
Special Terms
Each party shall present for review and approval to the other party prior to public dissemination all press releases, marketing materials,
advertisements and other external communications in which either party directly references the other party by name or reasonably infers a
relationship. Upon Company’s prior written approval, Company agrees to participate in the following marketing activities: (1) a joint press release;
(2) limited interviews with press and analysts related to the press releases; (3) presentations at trade shows; (4) on-site demonstrations during
normal business hours to potential clients of Deposco; and (5) one case study. Company grants Deposco permission and a limited license to use
Company’s logo(s) to identify Company as Deposco’s client on Deposco’s website and in sales presentations. Company also agrees to provide
reference by telephone call, for Deposco’s prospective client(s).
Proprietary and Confidential Page 11 of 13 Schedule A
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 12 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
SCHEDULE B
SUPPORT SERVICES
This Schedule B — Support Services Package ("Schedule B") is between Deposco ("Deposco") and the undersigned ("Company").
1.0 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Schedule B, and in addition (d) Provide technical support and guidance in the
to any other terms defined herein, the capitalized terms used operation of the Software Services to Company’s
herein will have the meanings set forth in the Glossary at the Systems Administrator during Deposco’s normal
end of the Agreement Terms and Conditions. business hours;
2.0 MAINTENANCE SERVICES. (e) Provide error analysis and correction as set forth in
the schedule in Section 2.2 below;
2.1 Deposco’s General Responsibilities. During the
Term of this Agreement and with respect to the Deposco (f) Provide prompt notification and assistance, at
Software, Deposco will provide the following Deposco’s reasonable discretion, in the event
Maintenance Services for Support Services Package Level Deposco determines a problem that is covered by
1: this Section exists; and
(a) Respond to any defect report it receives in (g) Provide a designated, knowledgeable support
accordance with the schedule set forth in Section contact for providing technical support, who may
2.2 below; be changed from time to time.
(b) Support Services Package Level 1 - 2.2 Response Times. Deposco will use commercially
Maintain a telephone number and technician to reasonable efforts to provide Support Services during
receive calls on a five (5) days a week, twelve (12) Deposco’s normal business hours in accordance with the
hours a day basis, nationally recognized holidays following response times (Classification will be
and specific Deposco holidays, excepted, which determined by the support specialist):
include New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Severity Severity Response Goal Resolution Goal Time
Level Classification Time
Thanksgiving Day, and day after Thanksgiving,
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, concerning
S1 Critical 1 hour 8 hours
emergency problems and questions;
Support Services Package Level 2
(applicable fees provided in Schedule A) - Maintain S2 Significant 4 hours 2 business days
a telephone number and technician to receive calls
on a seven (7) days a week, twelve (12) hours a day
basis, nationally recognized holidays and specific S3 Less 24 hours 5 business days
Deposco holidays, excepted, which include New Significant
Year’s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Memorial
Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving
Day, and day after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and
Christmas Day, concerning emergency problems
and questions;
S4 Low 24 hours Next Release
Support Services Package Level 3
(applicable fees provided in Schedule A) - Maintain
"Response Goal Time" is the time for a return call from Deposco
a telephone number and technician to receive calls
to Company to acknowledge the defect and to estimate the time for
on a seven (7) days a week, twenty four (24) hours
providing the resolution.
a day basis, nationally recognized holidays and
specific Deposco holidays, excepted, which include "Resolution Goal Time" is the time to provide a documented fix
New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, or repair (which may be a workaround) that restores full functionality.
Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Any such fix will be deemed an "Update".
Thanksgiving Day, and day after Thanksgiving,
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, concerning Severity Classifications:
emergency problems and questions;
S1 / Critical: is a defect or issue where Company’s use of
(c) Clarify functions and features of the Software the system is stopped or so severely impacted that the
Services during Deposco’s normal business hours; Company cannot reasonably continue business operations. It
may result in a material and immediate interruption of
Proprietary and Confidential Page 12 of 13 Schedule B
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 13 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 76B63D4E-8572-4A43-8846-C9DC341D5E87
SCHEDULE B
SUPPORT SERVICES
Company’s business operation that may result in a loss of incidents thereafter pursuant to the hourly rate set forth
Company data and/or restrict availability to such data and/or in Schedule A.
cause significant financial impact.
2.4 Company’s General Responsibilities.
S2 / Significant: means a defect or issue where one or Company will be responsible for: (a) Reporting errors
more important functions of the system are unavailable with promptly; (b) Providing sufficient information for
no acceptable alternative. Company's production use of the Deposco to duplicate the circumstances of a reported
system is continuing but not stopped; however, there is a defect or duplicate the error, as described in the
serious impact on the Company's business operations. Documentation, so Deposco can duplicate the error,
assess the situation, and/or undertake any needed or
S3 / Less Significant: means a defect or issue where: (a)
appropriate corrective action hereunder; (c) Otherwise
important select system features are unavailable but a
following instructions or suggestions from Deposco
reasonable alternative is available, or (b) less significant
regarding use, maintenance, upgrades, repairs,
system features are unavailable with no reasonable
workarounds, or other related matters; and (d)
alternative; Company’s experience a minor loss of business
Designating two (2) members of its staff to serve as
operation functionality.
Company’s System Administrators to contact Deposco
S4 / Low: means (a) a defect or issue that has a minimal with support issues. Company understands and agrees
impact on Company operations or basic functionality of the that Deposco’s successful response and provision of
system or (b) Company poses questions regarding basic Support Services to Company is subject to Company’s
functionality of the system. assistance and compliance regarding (i) at Deposco’s
reasonable request, Company will provide Deposco with
2.3 Additional Charges. If a problem reported (or if
reasonable access to Company’s personnel and
Company otherwise requests assistance) is outside the
equipment during normal business hours to discuss and
scope of this Section, Deposco will notify Company to
assess any problems and/or requests for assistance; and
that effect and reserves the right to charge Company
(ii) Company will document and promptly report to
pursuant to the hourly rate set forth in Schedule A, for
Deposco all errors or malfunctions of the Software
which Company agrees to pay Deposco pursuant to the
Services. It is Company’s responsibility to carry out
Terms and Conditions of the Agreement. If a reported
procedures necessary at Company's facilities for the
problem is a result of Company’s creation of Customized
rectification of errors or malfunctions within a
Software, Deposco will charge Company on time and
reasonable time after such procedures have been
materials basis for such Maintenance Services for the
received from Deposco.
second incident of providing such services and all further
Proprietary and Confidential Page 13 of 13 Schedule B
© Deposco, Inc.

