PDF Text Extraction Results
Original File: buybuyBaby_MSA_18APR2024.pdf
Extracted: 2025-08-13 12:47:41
Total Pages: 12
==================================================

--- Page 1 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
4/18/2024
This Master SaaS Agreement (this "Agreement") is made effective as of ______________________ (the “Effective Date”) by and between Deposco,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Deposco") and the undersigned Bbby Acquisitions Corp LLC ("Company”). This Agreement consists of the Signature
Page, Terms and Conditions, one or more Order Forms (attached as Schedule A), and a description of Support Services (attached as Schedule B).
By executing this Agreement, Company acknowledges that it has reviewed the Terms and Conditions and Schedules incorporated into this Agreement
and agrees to be legally bound by the same. For and in consideration of the mutual promises and obligations herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which
is hereby acknowledged and agreed, the parties hereby cause this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representative effective as of the
last date written below.
DEPOSCO, INC. BBBY ACQUISITIONS CORP LLC
A DELAWARE CORPORATION A NEW JERSEY CORPORATION
By: By:
Bill Gibson Steve Kachten
Name: Name:
CEO CIO
Title: Title:
4/18/2024 4/18/2024
Date: Date:
Address: 11605 Haynes Bridge Road, Suite 200 Address: 1532 S. Washington Ave
Alpharetta, GA 30009 Piscataway, NJ 08854

--- Page 2 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.0 GENERAL. The following terms and conditions (“Terms commercially reasonable efforts, twenty-four hours
and Conditions”) provide for terms that are common to this a day, seven days a week less the period during
Agreement, including all Schedules. In the event of a conflict which the Software Services are not available due
between these Terms and Conditions and any Schedule, the to one or more of the following events (collectively,
Schedule will control, unless expressly stated to the contrary the “Excusable Downtime”):
in these Terms and Conditions.
1) Scheduled network, hardware or service
2.0 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, and in addition maintenance, which is typically between the
to any other defined terms, the capitalized terms used herein hours of midnight and 4am Eastern Standard
are defined in the Glossary at the end of these Terms and Time with at least fourteen (14) days prior
Conditions. written notice of such maintenance;
2) The acts or omissions of Company or
3.0 SERVICES. Company’s employees, agents, contractors,
vendors, or anyone gaining access to the
3.1 General. All Services will be provided to Company
Software Services by means of Company’s
according to the Service Terms and Conditions, the
Account;
Schedule describing the Service, and one or more Order
3) A failure of the Internet and/or the public
Forms.
switched telephone network;
3.2 Software Services. Deposco will provide Company 4) Company’s failure to comply with Section 6
and End Users with access to the applicable Deposco below;
Software selected and described on Schedule A (“Order 5) The occurrence of any event that is beyond
Form) (“Software Services”). During the Term and Deposco’s reasonable control; or
subject to Company’s compliance with this Agreement, 6) At Company’s direction, Deposco restricting
Deposco grants Company the non-exclusive, Company and its End Users’ access to the
nontransferable, non-assignable, and limited rights and Software Services.
licenses as follows:
(b) Commitment. Subject to Company satisfying
(a) To allow End Users to remotely access the Deposco its obligation herein, Deposco guarantees that the
Software that is located on the Deposco Server in Software Services will be available to Company
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. and End Users at least 99% of the time during each
calendar month, excluding Excusable Downtime
(b) To use the Deposco Software to create customized
(“Uptime Commitment”). If Deposco fails to
user applications (“Customized Software”) in
satisfy the Uptime Commitment during a month
accordance with the Documentation.
then Deposco will credit to the Company a pro-
3.3 Professional Services. Deposco will provide rated portion of the Software Services Fee (as
consulting or software development services to Company defined in Schedule A) in the first month of the next
as described on Schedule A or in a separate professional succeeding calendar year following the failure. For
services agreement executed by the authorized purpose of this Section 3.6(b), “pro-rated portion of
representatives of the parties. the Software Services Fee” means the product
obtained by multiplying the applicable Services Fee
3.4 Support Services. Deposco will provide customer during the month of the failure by a fraction, the
care and support services to Company as described on numerator of which will be the number of hours that
Schedule B (“Support Services”). the Software Services did not satisfy the Uptime
Commitment, and the denominator of which will be
3.5 Service Delivery. Deposco may provide the Services
the total number of hours during the month that
from any facility and may from time to time transfer any
such failure occurred less excusable Downtime.
or all of the Services being provided hereunder to any new
The foregoing refund will be Company’s sole and
facility(ies) or relocate the personnel, equipment and other
exclusive remedy for Deposco’s failure to comply
resources used in providing those Services.
with the Uptime Commitment.
3.6 Project Control. Deposco has the sole right and
4.0 RIGHTS RESERVED. Title ownership rights, and
obligation to supervise, manage, contract, direct, procure,
Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Deposco Software,
perform, or cause to be performed the Professional
Customized Software, all Deposco Marks (and all Derivative
Services to be performed by Deposco hereunder unless
Works thereto and copies thereof) will remain in possession
otherwise provided herein.
of Deposco. Company and Deposco agrees to abide by the
3.7 Subcontractors. Deposco may, as it deems patent and copyright laws and all other applicable laws of the
appropriate, use subcontractors for all or any portion of United States. Company acknowledges that the Deposco
the Professional Services. Deposco may at any time Software in source code form remains Proprietary
remove and replace any such subcontractors. Information of Deposco and that the source code is not
licensed to Company by this Agreement or any Schedule and
3.8 Up-Time Commitment will not be provided by Deposco. No right or implied license
or right of any kind is granted to Company regarding the
(a) Availability. The Software Services will be
Services, including, but not limited to, any right to use,
provided to Company and its End Users, using

--- Page 3 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
reproduce, market, sell, translate, distribute, transfer, adopt, updates). Deposco neither represents nor warrants that the
disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer the Deposco Deposco Software will be accessible through all web
Software or the Documentation thereof, or any portions browser releases.
thereof, or obtain possession of any source code or other
6.2 Privacy Policy. Company’s use of the Deposco
technical material relating to the Deposco Software.
website is subject to the terms of the privacy policy set
Company further agrees not to lease, license, sell, sublicense
forth on the website from time to time that governs the use
or otherwise transfer its access to or use of the Software
of information by Company received from Deposco or a
Services. The Software Services may only be used by
third party and the use of information by Deposco from
Company and its employees, and agents or representatives
Company (“Privacy Policy”). The Privacy Policy is
acting on Company’s behalf. In addition, Company agrees
intended to be complementary and additive to the terms of
not to modify the Deposco Software, create Derivative Works
this Agreement, including the confidentiality provisions
or attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse
thereof. In the event of any direct conflict between the
engineer the Deposco Software, except to exercise those
Privacy Policy and this Agreement the terms of this
rights set forth in Section 3.2.(b) above.
Agreement shall control.
5.0 FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS
6.3 Use of Deposco Website. Company shall not and
5.1 Services Fees. For the Services provided under this shall not permit others in using the Software or Software
Agreement, Company will pay Deposco the fee in the Services to: (i) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or
amount set forth in the applicable Order Form(s). Initial otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights (such as
Services Fees will be invoiced to Company upon rights of privacy, publicity and intellectual property) of
execution of the Agreement per the terms of Schedule A. others or Deposco; (ii) publish, ship, distribute or
Subsequent invoices as applicable will be delivered on a disseminate any harmful, profane, vulgar, infringing,
monthly basis via email unless otherwise denoted in obscene, false, fraudulent, tortuous, indecent, unlawful,
Schedule A and all payments for Service Fees shall be due immoral or otherwise objectionable material or
30 days from the date of invoice. Service Fees are non- information (including any unsolicited commercial
cancelable and non-refundable. All fees paid and communications); (iii) publish, ship, distribute or
expenses reimbursed under this Agreement will be in disseminate material or information that encourages
United States currency. conduct that could constitute a criminal offense or give
rise to civil liability; (iv) engage in any conduct that could
5.2 Late Fees. Company will pay a late fee of 1½% per
constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability
month (not to exceed the maximum allowed under state
for Deposco; (v) misrepresent or in any other way falsely
law) on all reasonably uncontested balances not paid when
identify Company’s identity or affiliation, including
due. Deposco, at its option, may suspend the Services, in
through impersonation or altering any technical
whole or in part, if Deposco does not receive an amount
information in communications using the Software
due and owing under this Agreement within fifteen (15)
Services; (vi) transmit or upload any material through the
days after written notice of non-payment is delivered by
Software Services contains viruses, trojan horses, worms,
Deposco.
time bombs, cancelbots, or any other programs with the
5.3 Taxes. The fees and expenses due to Deposco as set intent or effect of damaging, destroying, disrupting or
otherwise impairing Deposco’s, or any other person’s or
forth in this Agreement are net amounts to be received by
entity's, network, computer system, or other equipment;
Deposco, exclusive of all sales, use, withholding, excise,
(vii) interfere with or disrupt the Software Services,
value added, ad valorem taxes or duties incurred by
networks or servers connected to the Deposco systems or
Company or imposed on Deposco in the performance of
violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such
this Agreement or otherwise due as a result of this
networks or servers, including unlawful or unauthorized
Agreement. This section will not apply to taxes based
altering any of the information submitted through the
solely on Deposco's income.
Software Services; (viii) attempt to gain unauthorized
5.4 Offset. Fees and expenses due from Company under access to the Software, other Deposco customers'
this Agreement may not be withheld or offset by computer systems or networks using the Software
Company against other amounts for any reason. Services through any means; or (ix) interfere with another
party’s use of the Software Services, including any parties
6.0 COMPANY OBLIGATIONS
Company has done business with or choose not to do
6.1 Technical Requirements. Company must have business with through the Software Services, (x) use the
required equipment, software, and Internet access to be Service(s) for the purposes of cookie tracking, ad
able to use the Software Services. Acquiring, installing, exchanges, ad networks, data brokerages, or sending
maintaining and operating equipment, any Company electronic communications (including e-mail) in violation
Software, and Internet access is solely Company's of applicable law (xi) use the Service(s) to store or
responsibility, except as otherwise expressly provided in transmit any “protected health information” as that term is
an Order Form. Compatible browsers include, but are not defined in 45 C.F.R. 160.103 unless expressly agreed to
limited to Chrome, Firefox, and Safari current editions otherwise in a signed writing by Deposco; or (xii) use the
plus typically four (4) previous editions as well as Edge Service(s) to store or transmit any “Payment Card
(editions subject to change based on security matters and Industry” data as that term is defined by Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standards unless expressly agreed

--- Page 4 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
to otherwise in a signed writing by Deposco. Deposco has expressly contemplated by this Agreement. Company
no obligation to monitor Company's use of the Software acknowledges that the Software and Documentation are
and Software Services. However, Deposco reserves the the Proprietary Information of Deposco. With regard to
right (but has no obligation) at all times to monitor, the Trade Secrets, the obligations in this Section shall
review, retain and/or disclose any information as continue for so long as such information constitutes a
necessary to satisfy or cooperate with any applicable law, trade secret under applicable law. With regard to the
regulation, legal process or governmental request. Confidential Information, the obligations in this Section
shall continue for the term of this Agreement and for a
period of three (3) years thereafter. The foregoing
6.4 Password Confidentiality. Each End User that obligations shall not apply if and to the extent that: (i)
uses the Software Services will choose a password when
Recipient establishes that the information communicated
registering. Such End Users are responsible for
was publicly known at the time of Recipient's receipt or
maintaining the confidentiality of the passwords.
has become publicly known other than by a breach of this
Company will also be assigned a password or passwords
Agreement; or (ii) Recipient is ordered by an
for access to and use of the Software Services. Company
administrative agency or other governmental body of
and its End Users are fully responsible for all activities
competent jurisdiction to disclose the Proprietary
that occur using the passwords. Company acknowledges
Information.
and agrees that Deposco will not be liable for any loss that
Company or any End User may incur as a result of 7.3 Data Use. Company agrees that data derived by
someone else using a password that has been assigned by Deposco from Deposco’s performance of the Services or
Deposco to Company or its End Users, either with or input by Company may be used for the purposes of
without the knowledge of Company or the applicable End analysis, including, without limitation, statistical analysis,
User. Nor will Deposco be liable or responsible for any trend analysis, creation of data models, and creation of
unauthorized access and/or misuse of the Software statistical rules, except that such analysis shall be
Services by Company or any of its End Users. performed solely by Deposco and such analysis shall be
performed only in conjunction with data derived by
6.5 Compliance with Law. Company is solely Deposco from Deposco’s performance of Services for
responsible for any and all improper use of the Software
other customers, input by other Deposco customers or
Services that occurs as a direct or indirect result of any act obtained from party data sources. The results of such
or omission of Company. Company will notify Deposco
analysis (“De-identified Data”) may be used by Deposco
immediately of any unauthorized use of the Software
for any lawful purpose, including, without limitation,
Services or any other breach of security that is known or
determining future hardware and communications needs
suspected by Company.
for Deposco systems and determining trends associated
with warehouse use, operation, and efficacy.
7.0 NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement,
7.1 Disclosure. Each party may disclose to the other party De-identified Data shall not contain (i) any Proprietary
certain Trade Secrets and Confidential Information of Information of Company, (ii) any information that
such party or of such party's associated companies, identifies or can be reasonably used to identify an
distributors, licensors, suppliers, or customers. For individual person, (iii) any information that identifies or
purposes of this Agreement, “Trade Secrets” means can be reasonably used to identify Company or its
information that is a trade secret under law; “Confidential affiliates and their suppliers, or (iv) any information that
Information” means information, other than Trade identifies or can be reasonably used to identify any
Secrets, that is of value to its owner and is treated as activities or behaviors of Company.
confidential; “Proprietary Information” means Trade
Secrets and Confidential Information; the “Disclosing
8.0 TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES. Nothing in this
Agreement confers upon either party any right to use the other
Party” refers to the party disclosing Proprietary
party's Marks, except in Deposco’s performance of the
Information hereunder, whether such disclosure is directly
Services. All use of such Marks by either party will inure to
from Disclosing Party or through Disclosing Party’s
the benefit of the owner of such Marks, use of which will be
employees or agents; and “Recipient” refers to the party
subject to specifications controlled by the owner.
receiving any Proprietary Information hereunder, whether
such disclosure is received directly or through Recipient's 9.0 LIMITED WARRANTY. Each party represents and
employees or agents. warrants that it has the legal power and authority to enter into
this Agreement. Deposco represents and warrants that it will
7.2 Requirement of Confidentiality. Recipient
provide the Services in a manner consistent with general
agrees to hold the Proprietary Information disclosed by
industry standards reasonably applicable to the provision
Disclosing Party in confidence and not to, directly or
thereof and that the Service will perform substantially in
indirectly, copy, reproduce, distribute, manufacture,
accordance with the Documentation under normal use and
duplicate, reveal, report, publish, disclose, cause to be
circumstances. Deposco further represents and warrants that
disclosed, or otherwise transfer the Proprietary
it shall provide the Services in compliance with all applicable
Information disclosed by Disclosing Party to any third
laws, including applicable data privacy and protection laws
party, or utilize the Proprietary Information disclosed by
and regulations that govern the processing or personally-
Disclosing Party for any purpose whatsoever other than as
identifiable data (without limitation, names, physical

--- Page 5 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
addresses, email addresses, IP addresses), including but not 11.2 Third Party Software. During the term of this
limited to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) Agreement, Company may provide or make available to
2016/679 (“GDRP”) and California Customer Privacy Act Deposco certain third-party software and other Company
(“CCPA”). Other than as expressly set forth in this and third-party Materials in connection with Deposco
Agreement, the Client Agreement, the General Terms, the performing Implementation or Support Services.
Deposco Information Security Policy, the Work Order and/or Company represents and warrants that Company is
Statement of Work. Other than as expressly set forth in this authorized to provide Deposco such third-party software
section, neither Deposco, its affiliates, licensors or suppliers, and Company and third-party Materials and that Deposco
nor their officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents is authorized to use such third-party software and such
or representatives makes any express or implied warranties, Materials solely for the purpose of providing the
conditions, or representations to company, or any other person Professional Services. In addition to any other
or entity with respect to the Services or otherwise regarding indemnification obligations it may have under the
this Agreement, whether oral or written, express, implied or Agreement, Company will indemnify, defend and hold
statutory. Without limiting the foregoing, any implied harmless Deposco from and against any and all claims
warranty or condition of merchantability, the implied (including, but not limited to, claims of infringement of
warranty against infringement, the implied warranty or Intellectual Property Rights), liabilities, losses, damages,
condition of fitness for a particular purpose, and those arising causes of action or injuries, together with costs and
from a course of dealing or usage of trade are expressly expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out
excluded and disclaimed. No warranty is made that use of the of or resulting from Company's failure to comply with the
Services will be error free or uninterrupted, that any errors or foregoing representations and warranties.
defects in the Services will be corrected, or that the Services
functionality will meet company’s requirements, Deposco 11.3 Obligations. Company and Deposco will pay
damages, settlements, expenses, costs and reasonable
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to correct known
attorney’s fees, incurred by the other, arising out of the
errors or defects within the Service in order to achieve
functionality consistent with the Documentation under matters set forth in this Section, provided that such
payment will be contingent on: (i) prompt notice by the
normal use and circumstances.
indemnified party to the indemnifying party in writing of
10.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. such claim to enable Company and Deposco, as the case
may be, to defend or mitigate the same; (ii) cooperation
10.1 LIMITATION OF REMEDY. In no event shall either
by Deposco and Company in the defense and/or
party, its affiliates, licensors or suppliers, or any of their
settlement thereof, at the indemnifying party’s expense;
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents or
and, (iii) the indemnified party allows the indemnifying
representatives be liable to the other party, or any other
party to control the defense and all related settlement
person or entity for any indirect, special, incidental,
negotiations, although the parties will consult with each
exemplary or consequential damages or loss of goodwill
other.
in any way relating to this Agreement or resulting from
the use of or inability to use the deliverables or the 12.0 TERM AND TERMINATION.
performance or non-performance of any Services,
including the failure of essential purpose, even if either 12.1 Initial Term. This Agreement shall commence on the
Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect
party has been notified of the possibility or likelihood of
for a period of four (4) years following the Effective Date
such damages occurring, and whether such liability is
based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, (“Initial Term”), unless earlier terminated as provided for
below. Thereafter, the Initial Term shall automatically
products liability or otherwise.
renew for successive periods of two (2) years each (each
10.2 MAXIMUM LIABILITY. In no event shall either a "Renewal Term"), with a price increase of no more than
party’s liability for any damages to the other party 15% per Renewal term, unless either party provides
regardless of the form of action, whether based on written notice (email acceptable) to the other party’s CFO
contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, products liability or similar at least 90 days prior to the end of the then-
or otherwise, exceed the fees received by Deposco under current Initial or Renewal Term of its intent to not renew
this Agreement during the three (3) months immediately the Agreement.
preceding the events giving rise to such claim.
12.2 Termination. Without prejudice to any other remedies
11.0 INDEMNIFICATION. and in addition to any other termination rights herein, the
parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement as
11.1 Mutual Indemnification. The parties will each
provided below:
indemnify, defend, and hold the other party harmless
against all claims, actions or proceedings, arising out of (a) By either party if the other party commits a material
any claim that any third-party software, any content, data, breach of this Agreement and such breach remains
Marks or other Materials provided by Company and uncured 30 days after written notice of such breach
Deposco or its employees or inputted into the is delivered to such other party including the failure
Deposco/Company Software, or the permitted use of the to pay any fees due to Deposco; or
same by Deposco and Company, infringes or violates any
(b) By either party if the other party makes an
third-party patent, copyright or trade secret right
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
enforceable in the United States.

--- Page 6 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
commences or has commenced against it any registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
proceeding in bankruptcy, insolvency, or requested; (iii) by a nationally recognized overnight courier
reorganization pursuant to bankruptcy laws, laws of service; or (iv) by facsimile (with confirmation copy available
debtor’s moratorium or similar laws. upon request) to the address set forth in the signature section
of this Agreement, as may be amended by the parties by
12.3 Effect. Upon termination of this Agreement for any
written notice to the other party in accordance with this
reason, all rights and licenses granted by Deposco
Section. Company may not assign its rights and duties under
hereunder to Company will immediately cease. Within
this Agreement without the prior written consent of Deposco
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this
except that Company may assign this Agreement in whole as
Agreement and so long as Company has paid all
part of a merger, or sale of substantially all of its assets. Any
outstanding amounts due to Deposco, Deposco shall
assignment in violation of this Section shall be void and of no
provide to Company a copy of Company’s data on an
effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
agreed upon electronic media.
benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted
assigns. Should any provision of this Agreement require
12.4 Survival. Termination of this Agreement or any judicial interpretation, the parties agree that the court
Schedule will not affect the provisions regarding interpreting or construing the same shall not apply a
Deposco’s or Company’s treatment of Confidential presumption that the terms of this Agreement shall be more
Information and Trade Secrets, provisions relating to the strictly construed against one party than against another. In
payments of amounts due, indemnification provisions, or case any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement
provisions limiting or disclaiming each party’s liability, should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the
which provisions will survive such termination. Each validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
party will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected
party against all claims, actions, proceedings, losses and or impaired thereby. This Agreement constitutes the entire
damages whatsoever arising out of or in any manner Agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter
related to such party’s: (i) unauthorized use or hereof and supersedes all written or oral prior agreements or
reproduction of the Deposco Software or the Customized understandings with respect thereto. No modification,
Software; and (ii) violation of Section 7.2 of this extension or waiver of or under this Agreement shall be valid
Agreement. unless made in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the party sought to be charged therewith. No
13.0 GENERAL. This Agreement will be exclusively construed,
written waiver shall constitute, or be construed as, a waiver of
governed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the
any other obligation or condition of this Agreement. Deposco
internal laws (excluding all conflict of law rules) of the State
and Company shall not be liable for delay or failure in
of Georgia and any applicable federal laws of the United
performing any of its obligations hereunder due to causes
States of America, as from time to time amended and in effect.
beyond its reasonable control, including an act of nature, war,
Each party agrees that any claim or cause of action whether in
natural disaster, governmental regulations, terrorism,
law or equity, arising under or relating to this Agreement shall
communication or utility failures or casualties or the failures
be brought in a State or federal court in Fulton County,
or acts of third parties. All Schedules attached to this
Georgia and each party hereby consents to the venue of such
Agreement or subsequently added hereto by mutual consent
courts. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention
of the parties are incorporated into this Agreement for all
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply
purposes. Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute or be
in any respect to this Agreement or the parties hereto.
deemed to constitute a partnership between the parties hereto
Notwithstanding the content of any Company purchase order
or constitute or be deemed to constitute one party as agent of
or any other document or record, whether in writing or
the other, for any purpose whatsoever, and neither party shall
electronic, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement,
have the authority or power to bind the other, or to contract in
the terms of this Agreement shall govern and any conflicting,
the name of or create a liability against the other, in any way
inconsistent, or additional terms contained in such documents
or for any purpose.
shall be null and void. All communications required or
otherwise provided under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given when delivered (i) by hand, (ii) by

--- Page 7 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
MASTER SAAS
AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
GLOSSARY
1.0 Company Software means the software and/or any other materials owned or used by Company (other than the Deposco Software).
2.0 Deposco Server means the hardware platform or network system owned or operated by, or on behalf of, Deposco where the Deposco
Software resides and is accessed by Company via an internet connection to the server using an approved Web browser.
3.0 Deposco Software means the Internet-based Deposco Software products and related Services provided by Deposco, that are more
particularly described on Schedule A and that are accessible to Company and its End Users via a Web browser through the Internet for their
use of the Software Services.
4.0 Derivative Works means any suggestions, contributions, enhancements, improvements, additions, modifications, or Derivative Works
to the referenced software or other materials.
5.0 Documentation means the user documentation and any other operating, training, and reference manuals relating to the use of the
Software Services, as supplied by Deposco to Company, as well as any Derivative Works thereof.
6.0 End User means all Company agents and employees, whether full-time, part-time, on-leave, or on vacation who are authorized to use the
Software Services and have been provided a password for the same.
7.0 Intellectual Property Rights means any and all rights to exclude, existing from time to time in any jurisdiction, under patent law,
copyright law, moral rights law, trade-secret law, semiconductor chip protection law, trademark law, unfair competition law, or other similar
rights.
8.0 Marks means service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, and any modifications to the foregoing that may be created during the Term.
9.0 Materials means data, materials, pictures, documentation, audio, video, artistic works, writings, and other works of authorship.
10.0 Services means all services provided by Deposco under this Agreement including, without limitation, the Software Services and Support
Services.
11.0 Systems Administrator means an individual or individuals authorized by Company to contact Deposco regarding problems, errors, or
technical questions concerning the Deposco Software.
12.0 Normal Business Hours means Monday through Friday, 8am to 8pm Eastern Time.
13.0 Go-Live means the activation of Company’s production software environment.

--- Page 8 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
SCHEDULE A
ORDER FORM AND FEES
This Schedule A - Order Form and Fees ("Schedule A") is between Deposco ("Deposco") and the undersigned ("Company Name").
EXPIRATION DATE OF ORDER FORM: _48_ Months from Effective Date
TERRITORY: North America
Deposco Software Services Subscription Fees
Solution Bundle Total $50,000 year 1
$84,226 year 2
$84,226 year 3
$84,226 year 4
● Invoiced annually beginning on Effective Date
Deposco Bright Warehouse Application:
Includes:
● Bright Warehouse Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
● Users
o Unlimited Users for (1) Facility ● Included in solution bundle fees
▪ Somerset, NJ
Deposco Bright Warehouse (Advanced Options):
● Included in solution bundle fees
● Rate Shopping
● Included in solution bundle fees
● Carton Optimization
Deposco Bright Socket Application:
Includes:
● Bright Socket Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Bright Socket (Socket Connectors):
● Standard Sockets ● Included in solution bundle fees
o FedEx (1 Instance)
o UPS (1 Instance)
o Shopify (1 Instance)
Deposco Bright Performance Application:
Proprietary and Confidential Page 8 of 12 Schedule A
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 9 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
SCHEDULE A
ORDER FORM AND FEES
Includes:
● Standard Dashboard and Reporting Solution ● Included in solution bundle fees
Deposco Professional Services Estimated Service Fees
Estimated Professional Services Total $105,600
● $165/hour applied to the first 640 project hours completed
Deposco Professional Services
● Deployment Retainer ● $10,560 due at signing and will be applied to Implementation
Services. Remaining professional services billed as incurred.
● $225/hour applied to professional services completed beyond the
● Ongoing Professional Services initial (rate will remain valid for one year from date of Agreement;
may be adjusted thereafter)
● At cost (billed as incurred)
● Reasonable and Customary Travel Expenses
Estimated Hours:
● Company acknowledges that all Professional Services hours and the
corresponding total amount due for such hours are estimated. Deposco
will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Company when the
estimated total amount of hours above are near or have been fully
billed
● Purchased Professional Service hours are non-refundable, but do not
expire
Other Items Service Fees
Other Total $0
Proprietary and Confidential Page 9 of 12 Schedule A
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 10 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
SCHEDULE A
ORDER FORM AND FEES
Deposco Bright Cloud Solution:
Includes:
● Tier 2 Solution ● Included with bundle subscription fees
● (2) Tenant Environments:
o (1) Production
o (1) Sandbox
● Disaster Recovery Service
Deposco Support Services:
Deposco support services are detailed in Schedule B.
● Support Package Level 1 ● Included with bundle subscription fees
● Support Package Level 2 ● Additional $2,000 / month
● Support Package Level 3 ● Additional $3,000 / month
Support Package Levels 2 and 3 billed monthly as incurred (15 days
advance notice required).
Special Terms
Each party shall present for review and approval to the other party prior to public dissemination all press releases, marketing materials, advertisements
and other external communications in which either party directly references the other party by name or reasonably infers a relationship. Each party's
approval of such communications will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and will be deemed given if no contrary indication is received from
the other party within seven (7) days from the date the notice is received. Upon Company’s approval, Company agrees to participate in the following
marketing activities: (1) a joint press release; (2) limited interviews with press and analysts related to the press releases; (3) presentations at trade
shows; (4) on-site demonstrations during normal business hours to potential clients of Deposco; and (5) one case study. Company grants Deposco
permission and a limited license to use Company’s logo(s) to identify Company as Deposco’s client on Deposco’s website and in sales presentations.
Company also agrees to provide reference by telephone call, for Deposco’s prospective client(s).
Proprietary and Confidential Page 10 of 12 Schedule A
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 11 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
SCHEDULE B
SUPPORT SERVICES
This Schedule B — Support Services Package ("Schedule B") is between Deposco ("Deposco") and the undersigned ("Company").
1.0 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Schedule B, and in addition Systems Administrator during Deposco’s normal
to any other terms defined herein, the capitalized terms used business hours;
herein will have the meanings set forth in the Glossary at the
(e) Provide error analysis and correction as set forth in
end of the Agreement Terms and Conditions.
the schedule in Section 2.2 below;
2.0 MAINTENANCE SERVICES.
(f) Provide prompt notification and assistance, at
2.1 Deposco’s General Responsibilities. During the Deposco’s reasonable discretion, in the event
Term of this Agreement and with respect to the Deposco Deposco determines a problem that is covered by
Software, Deposco will provide the following this Section exists; and
Maintenance Services for Support Services Package
(g) Provide a designated, knowledgeable support
Level 1:
contact for providing technical support, who may
(a) Respond to any defect report it receives in be changed from time to time.
accordance with the schedule set forth in Section
2.2 Response Times. Deposco will use commercially
2.2 below;
reasonable efforts to provide Support Services during
(b) Support Services Package Level 1 - Deposco’s normal business hours in accordance with the
Maintain a telephone number and technician to following response times (Classification will be
receive calls on a five (5) days a week, twelve (12) determined by the support specialist):
hours a day basis, nationally recognized holidays
and specific Deposco holidays, excepted, which Severity Severity Classification Response Goal Time Resolution
Level Goal Time
include New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor
S1 Critical 1 hour 8
Day, Thanksgiving Day, and day after
h
Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day,
o
concerning emergency problems and questions;
u
Support Services Package Level 2 r
(applicable fees provided in Schedule A) - Maintain s
a telephone number and technician to receive calls
on a seven (7) days a week, twelve (12) hours a day S2 Significant 4 hours 2
basis, nationally recognized holidays and specific b
Deposco holidays, excepted, which include New u
Year’s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Memorial s
Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving i
Day, and day after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve n
and Christmas Day, concerning emergency e
problems and questions; s
s
Support Services Package Level 3
d
(applicable fees provided in Schedule A) - Maintain
a
a telephone number and technician to receive calls
y
on a seven (7) days a week, twenty four (24) hours
s
a day basis, nationally recognized holidays and
specific Deposco holidays, excepted, which include
New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, S3 Less Significant 24 hours 5
Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, b
Thanksgiving Day, and day after Thanksgiving, u
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, concerning s
emergency problems and questions; i
n
(c) Clarify functions and features of the Software e
Services during Deposco’s normal business hours;
s
(d) Provide technical support and guidance in the s
operation of the Software Services to Company’s d
a
Proprietary and Confidential Page 11 of 12 Schedule B
© Deposco, Inc.

--- Page 12 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: F25EEB0A-1161-42C0-BADB-89AE7FA144FE
SCHEDULE B
SUPPORT SERVICES
S4 / Low: means (a) a defect or issue that has a minimal
y
impact on Company operations or basic functionality of the
s
system or (b) Company poses questions regarding basic
functionality of the system.
2.3 Additional Charges. If a problem reported (or if
Company otherwise requests assistance) is outside the
scope of this Section, Deposco will notify Company to
S4 Low 24 hours Next that effect and reserves the right to charge Company
R
pursuant to the hourly rate set forth in Schedule A, for
e
which Company agrees to pay Deposco pursuant to the
l
Terms and Conditions of the Agreement. If a reported
e
problem is a result of Company’s creation of Customized
a
Software, Deposco will charge Company on time and
s
materials basis for such Maintenance Services for the
e
second incident of providing such services and all further
incidents thereafter pursuant to the hourly rate set forth in
Schedule A.
"Response Goal Time" is the time for a return call from Deposco
to Company to acknowledge the defect and to estimate the time for 2.4 Company’s General Responsibilities.
providing the resolution. Company will be responsible for: (a) Reporting errors
promptly; (b) Providing sufficient information for
"Resolution Goal Time" is the time to provide a documented fix Deposco to duplicate the circumstances of a reported
or repair (which may be a workaround) that restores full functionality. defect or duplicate the error, as described in the
Any such fix will be deemed an "Update". Documentation, so Deposco can duplicate the error,
assess the situation, and/or undertake any needed or
Severity Classifications:
appropriate corrective action hereunder; (c) Otherwise
S1 / Critical: is a defect or issue where Company’s following instructions or suggestions from Deposco
production use of the system is stopped or so severely regarding use, maintenance, upgrades, repairs,
impacted that the Company cannot reasonably continue workarounds, or other related matters; and (d)
business operations. It may result in a material and immediate Designating two (2) members of its staff to serve as
interruption of Company’s business operation that may result Company’s System Administrators to contact Deposco
in a loss of Company data and/or restrict availability to such with support issues. Company understands and agrees
data and/or cause significant financial impact. that Deposco’s successful response and provision of
Support Services to Company is subject to Company’s
S2 / Significant: means a defect or issue where one or
assistance and compliance regarding (i) at Deposco’s
more important functions of the system are unavailable with
reasonable request, Company will provide Deposco with
no acceptable alternative. Company's production use of the
reasonable access to Company’s personnel and equipment
system is continuing but not stopped; however, there is a
during normal business hours to discuss and assess any
serious impact on the Company's business operations.
problems and/or requests for assistance; and (ii) Company
S3 / Less Significant: means a defect or issue where: (a) will document and promptly report to Deposco all errors
or malfunctions of the Software Services. It is Company’s
important select system features are unavailable but a
responsibility to carry out procedures necessary at
reasonable alternative is available, or (b) less significant
Company's facilities for the rectification of errors or
system features are unavailable with no reasonable
malfunctions within a reasonable time after such
alternative; Company’s experience a minor loss of business
procedures have been received from Deposco.
operation functionality.
Proprietary and Confidential Page 12 of 12 Schedule B
© Deposco, Inc.

